now when all this was finished all
Israel who were present went out to the
cities of
and broke the sacred pillars in pieces
cut down the wooden images and threw
down the high places and the altars from
all Judah Benjamin Ephraim and Manasseh
until they had utterly destroyed them
all
then all the children of Israel returned
to their own cities every man to his
possession and Hezekiah appointed the
divisions of the priests and the Levites
according to their divisions each man
according to his service the priests and
Levites for burnt offerings and peace
offerings to serve to give thanks and to
praise in the gates of the camp of the
Lord the king also appointed a portion
of his possessions for the burnt
offerings for the morning and evening
burnt offerings the burnt offerings for
the Sabbath's and the new moons and the
set feasts as it is written in the law
of the Lord
moreover he commanded the people who
dwelt in Jerusalem to contribute support
for the priests and the Levites that
they might devote themselves to the law
of the Lord as soon as the commandment
was circulated the children of Israel
brought in abundance the firstfruits of
grain and wine oil and honey and of all
the produce of the field and they
brought in abundantly the tithe of
everything and the children of Israel
and Judah who dwelt in the cities of
Judah brought the tithes of oxen and
sheep also the tithes of holy things
which were consecrated to the Lord their
God they laid in heaps in the third
month they began laying them in heaps
and they finished in the seventh month
and when Hezekiah and the leaders came
and saw the heaps they blessed the Lord
and his people Israel Benton has a car
questioned the priests and the Levites
concerning the heaps and Azariah the
chief priests from the house of Zahra
answered him
since the people began to bring the
offerings into the house of the Lord we
have had enough to eat and have plenty
left for the Lord has blessed his people
and what is left is this great abundance
now as a car commanded them to prepare
rooms in the house of the Lord and they
prepared them then they faithfully
brought in the offerings the tithe and
the dedicated things
kana nya the Levite had charge of them
and shamea his brother was the next
Jehiel as a zyre nay hath a Sahel
jeremiah jazz' bod Alya is mkhaya May
hath and benaiah were overseers under
the hand of kin Ania and shimmy I his
brother at the commandment of Hezekiah
the King and Azariah the ruler of the
house of God Corie the son of imlah the
Levite the keeper of the Eastgate was
over the freewill offerings to God to
distribute the offerings of the Lord and
the most holy things and under him were
Eden monoamine Joshua
Shanaya a Moriah and shagging ayah his
faithful assistants in the cities of the
priests to distribute allotments to
their brethren by divisions to the great
as well as the small besides those males
from 3 years old and up who were written
in the genealogy they distributed to
everyone who entered the house of the
Lord his daily portion for the work of
his service by his division and to the
priests who were written in the
genealogy according to their father's
house and to the Levites from 20 years
old and up according to their work by
their divisions and to all who were
written in the genealogy their little
ones and their wives their sons and
daughters the whole company of them for
in their faithfulness they sanctified
themselves in holiness
[Music]
also for the sons of Aaron the priests
who were in the fields of the common
lands of their cities in every single
city there were men who were designated
by name to distribute portions to all
the males among the priests and to all
who were listed by genealogies among the
Levites thus as a Cara did throughout
all judah and he did what was good and
right and true before the lord his god
and in every work that he began in the
service of the house of god in the law
and in the commandment to seek his god
he did it with all his heart so he
prospered
you
[Music]